README.md, before:

# Magento 2 Module for Nofrixion Payments ##

NoFrixion.com online payments for your Magento 2 store.

## Installation, Updates & Removal ##

It is recommended to use the `composer` PHP package manager for production magento deployments. `composer` can be used to install, update and remove the NoFrixion magento 2 module.

### Installation ###

- Install the files:
  - Using composer (recommended). Run `composer require nofrixion/magento2-payments-module`
  - Using a ZIP file (not recommended). Unzip the ZIP file in `app/code/Nofrixion/Payments`
- Enable the module by running `php bin/magento module:enable Nofrixion_Payments`
- Apply database updates by running `php bin/magento setup:upgrade` (for production, also add the parameter `--keep-generated` or you will need to run `php bin/magento setup:di:compile` again.)
- Flush the cache by running `php bin/magento cache:flush`

Note, there are several third-party caching products that may be deployed in your Magento environment and prevent the payments module from appearing in the Magento administration interface. If the Nofrixion Payments module is not visible after following the above steps, most third party caches will be cleared by restarting the apache server.

### Updates ###

If you have installed the payments module using the composer command specified above, you can update the plugin using composer. The following procedure will update the payments plugin to the most recent stable version:

- From a shell session on your magento server, run `composer update nofrixion/magento2-payments-module`.
- Apply database updates by running `php bin/magento setup:upgrade` (for production, also add the parameter `--keep-generated` or you will need to run `php bin/magento setup:di:compile` again.)
- Flush the cache by running `php bin/magento cache:flush`

### Removal ###

To remove the payment module:

- Login to the Magento storefront administration panel and:
  - Disable the module in the `Stores -> Configuration -> Sales -> Payment Methods` section.
  - Go to the cache management page and refresh any caches with a status of 'invalidated'.
- Open a shell to your Magento server and:
  - Disable the module at server level by running `php bin/magento module:disable Nofrixion_Payments`.
  - Run `composer remove nofrixion/magento2-payments-module`.
  - Apply database updates by running `php bin/magento setup:upgrade` (for production, also add the parameter `--keep-generated` or you will need to run `php bin/magento setup:di:compile` again.)
- Depending on how caching services are configured on your Magento server it may be necessary to restart the application stack at this point.

## Configuration ##

Please find all configuration opens in Magento Admin > Stores > Configuration > Sales > Payment Methods > NoFrixion

- Enter your API key
- Set the mode to production or sandbox
- Change the other settings to your liking

## Troubleshooting ##

If something goes wrong during installation or during deployment, just follow the typical Magento 2 module installation steps. The NoFrixion Payments module follows all Magento 2 standards and should not be any different.

1. Switch or make sure you are in developer mode
2. Remove all temporary files to make sure your latest changes are being applied. This is done by emptying the cache (typically in `MAGENTO_ROOT/var/cache` or your cache server, like Redis) and the files generated in `MAGENTO_ROOT/generated` and `MAGENTO_ROOT/var/view_preprocessed`.
3. Try again
4. If this is a production server, make sure you switch back to production mode

Commit message:

added system requirements to README.md

README.md, after:

# Magento 2 Module for Nofrixion Payments ##

NoFrixion.com online payments for your Magento 2 store.

## System Requirements ##

The NoFrixion payments module is designed to be compatible Magento 2.4.4 onwards (note, support for the 2.4.0-2.4.3 release line [ended on November 28, 2022](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-operations/release/versions.html?lang=en)).

For the underlying Magento dependencies, please refer to the [Magento system requirements](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-operations/installation-guide/system-requirements.html).

## Installation, Updates & Removal ##

It is recommended to use the `composer` PHP package manager for production magento deployments. `composer` can be used to install, update and remove the NoFrixion magento 2 module.

### Installation ###

- Install the files:
  - Using composer (recommended). Run `composer require nofrixion/magento2-payments-module`
  - Using a ZIP file (not recommended). Unzip the ZIP file in `app/code/Nofrixion/Payments`
- Enable the module by running `php bin/magento module:enable Nofrixion_Payments`
- Apply database updates by running `php bin/magento setup:upgrade` (for production, also add the parameter `--keep-generated` or you will need to run `php bin/magento setup:di:compile` again.)
- Flush the cache by running `php bin/magento cache:flush`

Note, there are several third-party caching products that may be deployed in your Magento environment and prevent the payments module from appearing in the Magento administration interface. If the Nofrixion Payments module is not visible after following the above steps, most third party caches will be cleared by restarting the apache server.

### Updates ###

If you have installed the payments module using the composer command specified above, you can update the plugin using composer. The following procedure will update the payments plugin to the most recent stable version:

- From a shell session on your magento server, run `composer update nofrixion/magento2-payments-module`.
- Apply database updates by running `php bin/magento setup:upgrade` (for production, also add the parameter `--keep-generated` or you will need to run `php bin/magento setup:di:compile` again.)
- Flush the cache by running `php bin/magento cache:flush`

### Removal ###

To remove the payment module:

- Login to the Magento storefront administration panel and:
  - Disable the module in the `Stores -> Configuration -> Sales -> Payment Methods` section.
  - Go to the cache management page and refresh any caches with a status of 'invalidated'.
- Open a shell to your Magento server and:
  - Disable the module at server level by running `php bin/magento module:disable Nofrixion_Payments`.
  - Run `composer remove nofrixion/magento2-payments-module`.
  - Apply database updates by running `php bin/magento setup:upgrade` (for production, also add the parameter `--keep-generated` or you will need to run `php bin/magento setup:di:compile` again.)
- Depending on how caching services are configured on your Magento server it may be necessary to restart the application stack at this point.

## Configuration ##

Please find all configuration opens in Magento Admin > Stores > Configuration > Sales > Payment Methods > NoFrixion

- Enter your API key
- Set the mode to production or sandbox
- Change the other settings to your liking

## Troubleshooting ##

If something goes wrong during installation or during deployment, just follow the typical Magento 2 module installation steps. The NoFrixion Payments module follows all Magento 2 standards and should not be any different.

1. Switch or make sure you are in developer mode
2. Remove all temporary files to make sure your latest changes are being applied. This is done by emptying the cache (typically in `MAGENTO_ROOT/var/cache` or your cache server, like Redis) and the files generated in `MAGENTO_ROOT/generated` and `MAGENTO_ROOT/var/view_preprocessed`.
3. Try again
4. If this is a production server, make sure you switch back to production mode
